# Nearsoft Questions

**Please do not push into master branch. A new version is deployed to heroku each time a push is done. Use [dev](https://github.com/Nearsoft/questions/tree/dev) or any other branch.**

## Team

Check our contributors and ask [any of us](https://github.com/Nearsoft/questions/graphs/contributors) if you want to help.

## Why ?
It’s not easy to find answers to internal and technical questions inside a team project, as well as questions regarding internal process of the company.

## Sample problem we'd like to solve:
 - Offer validated answers faster, within a centralized database.
 - Minimize the time users spent asking other people, or searching the answer of their question.

## Phase 1 / Free Hack Day - Minimum Viable Product (MVP) on Nov 2015
Our first prototype is focused on showing suggestion of questions the user ask, and how to create a new question if the user couldn't find his question. Answering questions is also a feature.

### Technology used to reach the goal
 - Spring Boot (Spring MVC, Profiling, Global Exception Handling)
 - Spring Data
 - PostgreSQL
 - Hibernate for entities management
 - Hibernate Search (still pending to define)
 - React JS as front end framework

You can see the [prototype online](https://protected-refuge-1912.herokuapp.com/).

## How to contribute

Do you want to contribute with us? Please feel free to poke some of [us](https://github.com/Nearsoft/questions/graphs/contributors) to ask your questions. We need people to build this faster. Either you work in back end or front end side you will be really helpful on this.

If you want to request a feature or you found a bug in the app please create an issue on [issues](https://github.com/Nearsoft/questions/issues)

## How to fix an issue

It is strongly encouraged to follow the below format for any commit in order to track changes better.

 - Every time you had a fix for any issue at github, you must add a descriptive comment and let the link be generated by github.
 - Format: "#N - [word] message", where
    - N is the issue number at github
    - 'word' is one of the listed below
        - close
        - closes
        - closed
        - fix
        - fixes
        - fixed
        - resolve
        - resolves
        - resolved
    - and the message the description of what were done.

Examples of valid messages:
 - #1 - fixes the login error when trying to reach Google
 - #34 - close the issue when user uploads a profile photo
 - #280 - error showing at home is fixed
